Docs - Minor edits Applying Style Guide and Diataxis (#1123)
iotaledger/bee: documentation/docs/getting_started/security_101.md

---
# Security 101

This section explains how and why node security is important while also providing a checklist of steps for running a reliable and secure node.

:::info

> Servers that are reachable from the Internet are a constant target from security challengers. Please, make sure you follow the minimum security essentials found here.

Reviewer: "found here" doesn't seem to add much to the sentence.  Perhaps it would be better left out

Before running a node on your device, consider:
* [Securing SSH logins](#securing-ssh-logins).
* [Blocking unnecessary ports](#blocking-unnecessary-ports).

### Securing SSH logins
If you log into your device through SSH, you should take measures to protect it from unauthorized access. Many guides and resources have been provided on this subject, including: 

- [10 Steps to Secure Open SSH](https://blog.devolutions.net/2017/04/10-steps-to-secure-open-ssh). 
- [Fail2ban](https://www.fail2ban.org/wiki/index.php/Main_Page)
    - Here, you can leverage tools to improve your node's security

### Blocking Unnecessary Ports
Attackers can abuse any open ports on your device. Closing all of your ports except those that are in use helps secure your device from attacks on unused or open ports.

You can use a firewall to accomplish this, and all operating systems include firewall options. By having a firewall in place, you can completely block unused and unnecessary ports.

On cloud platforms such as AWS, Azure, or GCP, you can even block ports on VPS networking settings.

## Deciding Whether to Enable Remote Proof of Work

> When you're configuring your node, you have the option to allow it to do Proof of Work (PoW). If you enable this feature, clients can ask your node to do remote PoW.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are configuring your node, you have the option to allow it to do Proof of Work (PoW). If you enable this feature, clients can ask your node to do remote PoW.
```

PoW takes time and uses your node's computational power. So consider enabling it according to your infrastructure.

## Load Balancing

> If you run more than one node, it's a good practice to make sure that you distribute the API requests among all of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run more than one node, it is a good practice to make sure that you distribute the API requests among all of them.
```
